Fix broken links to old woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block repo (#64423)
woocommerce/woocommerce: docs/block-development/extensible-blocks/cart-and-checkout-blocks/checkout-payment-methods/payment-method-integration.md

In both cases, the client side integration is done using registration methods exposed on the `blocks-registry` API. You can access this via the `wc` global in a WooCommerce environment (`wc.wcBlocksRegistry`).

> > Note: In your build process, you could do something similar to what is done in the blocks repository which [aliases this API as an external on `@woocommerce/blocks-registry`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/client/blocks/bin/webpack-helpers.js).

Reviewer: This was pointing to a specific section of the page before. I wonder if we should use permalinks for code examples, so that the users see at least something if the page is moved.

With permalinks you reffer to a snapshot (a commit), but I guess that's better than a 404. 
Users can see that it's not based on trunk, and they can search that code in the latest repo state.

Author: Good suggestion, Raluca, thank you. @copilot please find this file on the latest commit to trunk and change the link to point to that! thanks - do this for all other changed links on this PR that point to trunk, they should point to a specific commit (latest one on trunk makes sense)

> > Note: In your build process, you could do something similar to what is done in the blocks repository which [aliases this API as an external on `@woocommerce/blocks-registry`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/e024b720ddeb617fe889b9772959db6eca9e8c70/plugins/woocommerce/client/blocks/bin/webpack-helpers.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: In your build process, you could do something similar to what is done in the blocks repository which [aliases this API as an external on `@woocommerce/blocks-registry`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/e024b720ddeb617fe889b9772959db6eca9e8c70/plugins/woocommerce/client/blocks/bin/webpack-helpers.js#L14-L33).
```

} )
```

> `canMakePayment` returns a boolean value. If your gateway needs to perform async initialization to determine availability, you can return a promise (resolving to boolean). This allows a payment method to be hidden based on the cart, e.g. if the cart has physical/shippable products (example: [`Cash on delivery`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/client/blocks/assets/js/extensions/payment-methods/cod/index.js)); or for payment methods to control whether they are available depending on other conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`canMakePayment` returns a boolean value. If your gateway needs to perform async initialization to determine availability, you can return a promise (resolving to boolean). This allows a payment method to be hidden based on the cart, e.g. if the cart has physical/shippable products (example: [`Cash on delivery`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/df02d62e2d41e9007da44cb87fea2b7a9551f55c/plugins/woocommerce/client/blocks/assets/js/extensions/payment-methods/cod/index.js#L46-L73)); or for payment methods to control whether they are available depending on other conditions.
```
